All statements: Love all; family know, sorry, thank, want, God
White: all love; know thank family, God, sorry 
Black: love, all; know, family, God 
Hispanic: all, love, family; thank sorry God 

We used a word cloud generator to make our word clouds. The first word cloud shows words from all statements, the second is from white inmates, the third is black inmates, and the fourth is hispanic inmates. We can see that from all word clouds the two most common words are: "all" and "love". In the second group is "family" "know" "sorry" "thank" "God". There was no apparent variation in terms of the most common words in their last statements. What we cannot infer from these word clouds is what these common words were used for in the last statements. The use of "all" and "love" can carry varying meanings in different sentences. "God" "Allah" "Lord" "Jesus" "Christ" were all common words in the statements, demonstrating the importance of religion to these inmates. We also cannot visualize the inmates who chose not to give a final statement. These inmates are still included in the demographic information. This brings up issues on how we can visualize silences. As a group we considered using a word that had not been used in the last statements, but that would not have represented the power of these silences. 

In terms of design, for the word clouds we chose to keep the colours and fonts different to see if that affected the way the data is visualized. The different background colours in contrast to the text colour change how much each word stands out from the cloud. From the Black inmates word cloud it is harder to make this differentiation and we rely moreso on the font size. Whereas in the White inmates word cloud the dark green font sticks out the most against the beige background. The words in that font like "family" "Father" "forgive" "pain" would stick out in the word cloud.
We can read this data differently as a word cloud compared to viewing it in list format of most common words to least common words. The word cloud makes the viewer do more work than simply reviewing a list of words. The word cloud shows the most common words (largest font) amongst some of the least common words (smallest font). This could allow for connections to be made between words (regardless of how common they are) in the statements. 